README.md, before:

# Build a Full-Stack JavaScript (TypeScript) application
You’re free to choose your stack : 
- For the Front-End, you can choose between Angular, React or Vue.js.
- For the Back-End, you should use Node.js but you can choose between libraries.
- For the Database, you can choose between SQL or NoSQL databases. 
- For the API, you can choose between Graphql or REST.
- Your application must have a Database to save data. This Database can be hosted online or locally ( In case you have an online Database, for security reasons, create a Database only for this project and don't forget to delete it or change the credentials AFTER the interview process ).

## The application is a personal library

As a user :

- I can see the list of my books. Each book has these properties : title, author, note, last modification date, ...
- I can add a new book to the list
- I can edit a book's properties
- I can delete a book from the list

## Bonus Points
#### Turn your application to a multi-user application ( Signing up, authentication, ... is NOT necessary )
#### Add a search bar to your application to only show the searched title
#### Dockerize your application
#### Make your application "responsive"
#### Add more functionalities to your application

## Note :

- Any creativity specially in design and in functionalities is encouraged.
- The code's quality is important.

## How to
You can either fork this repository or push the result to an independent repository on your GitHub page.

Commit message:

Modifie README..md "How to run BOOK-APP"

README.md, after:

# How to run BOOK-APP

After pulling the Bransh Technical-test, go to the folder BOOK-APP and run the following commands :

1-> docker build -t "react-app" ./WEB/
2-> docker build -t "book-api" ./API/
3-> docker-compose up

The web-page will be in this url -> http://localhost:5173/

# Build a Full-Stack JavaScript (TypeScript) application

You’re free to choose your stack :

- For the Front-End, you can choose between Angular, React or Vue.js.
- For the Back-End, you should use Node.js but you can choose between libraries.
- For the Database, you can choose between SQL or NoSQL databases.
- For the API, you can choose between Graphql or REST.
- Your application must have a Database to save data. This Database can be hosted online or locally ( In case you have an online Database, for security reasons, create a Database only for this project and don't forget to delete it or change the credentials AFTER the interview process ).

## The application is a personal library

As a user :

- I can see the list of my books. Each book has these properties : title, author, note, last modification date, ...
- I can add a new book to the list
- I can edit a book's properties
- I can delete a book from the list

## Bonus Points

#### Turn your application to a multi-user application ( Signing up, authentication, ... is NOT necessary )

#### Add a search bar to your application to only show the searched title

#### Dockerize your application

#### Make your application "responsive"

#### Add more functionalities to your application

## Note :

- Any creativity specially in design and in functionalities is encouraged.
- The code's quality is important.

## How to

You can either fork this repository or push the result to an independent repository on your GitHub page.
